Fix symlink path traversal in untar fallback (#14127)
pypa/pip: news/14127.bugfix.rst

Additional rejection of tar archives that write traverse outside

> the target directory when extracting on Python versions pre-PEP 721.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional rejection of tar archives that write outside the target
directory through symlink traversal when extracting on Python
versions pre-PEP 706.
```

PEP 721 provides normative guidance for using PEP 706 which added tarfile data filters.
